* Great Lakes Fish Stocking Data Visualization

The objective of this project is to develop an interactive tool for
Great Lakes fishery managers to visualize fish stocking events and
recoveries.

Fish stocking is an important tool used by resource management
agencies for fishery rehabilitation and supplementation in support of
the Fish Community Objectives (FCOs). Over 400 million fish have been
stocked into the Great Lakes and their tributaries in the past 10
years alone.  While these stocking events are reported to the GLFC and
available in a fish stocking database maintained by the U.S. Fish and
Wildlife Service (USFWS), the database has a limited interface and no
interactivity.

This project will leverage existing tools and data to produce an
interactive, web based visualization of stocking events in the Great
Lakes.  Once completed, managers, agency staff, and the public will be
able to visualize and interact with data on stocking events and
subsequent recoveries.

Stocking is a high profile fisheries management activity that garners
a lot of public interest.  The Great Lakes Fish Stocking Database
(GLFSD), available at the GLFC website, inventories all agency
stocking events and allows users to download raw stocking data.
However, the database has a limited user interface and no
interactivity, thus limiting its utility by managers and the general
public.  At present, users must download the database and create their
own summaries and graphics, or search for specific stocking events
based on some characteristic of interest (year, grid, tag code, fin
clip, etc.).

A visualization tool summarizing the dynamics of stocked fish in the
Great Lakes would put scientific information at managers' fingertips
and allow for improved stocking program design and decisions.  The
application will also be a valuable communication tool that managers
can use with the public.

[[file:screenshot.png]]
